<h3>SCons awarded Google Summer of Code project</h3>
<div class="date">24 May 2006</div>
<div class="newsitem">
Google's <a href="">Summer of Code</a>
will fund a
<a href="http://www.scons.org/wiki/PhilippSchollProposal">project</a>
proposed by Philipp Scholl
to add support for packaging and release dependencies to SCons.
Stefan Seefeld will be mentoring Philipp's proposal for
the next several months.
Congratulations to Philipp,
and thanks to Stefan for mentoring.
</div>

<h3>Tracking of SCons bug reports, patches and feature requests
has moved to <a href="http://www.tigris.org">tigris.org</a>.</h3>
<div class="date">21 May 2006</div>
<div class="newsitem">
After five years of tracking bug reports, patches and feature requests
at our <a href="http://sourceforge.net/projects/scons/">SourceForge project page</a>,
we've converted them all to our project
<a href="http://scons.tigris.org/servlets/ProjectIssues">Issue Tracker</a>
at
<a href="http://www.tigris.org">tigris.org</a>.
The goal is for this to provide improved management of work on the project.
Many thanks to Greg Noel and Kevin Maples for making this happen.
</div>

<h3> SCons 0.96.92 (testing pre-release for 0.97) is available </h3>
<div class="date">10 April 2006</div>
<div class="newsitem">
Another testing pre-release has been made available.
This is intended as the last testing pre-release before
the .sconsign file changes significantly
to (among other things)
handle builds consistently
when only a subset of a tree's
dependency graph is used,
as well as
supporting more flexible detection of file changes.
This pre-release
also makes available more features and bug fixes
that have accumulated since 0.96.91.
Download it directly from the
<a href="http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=30337">download page</a>
at SourceForge.
</div>

<h3> SCons 0.96.91 (testing pre-release for 0.97) is available </h3>
<div class="date">8 September 2005</div>
<div class="newsitem">
Another testing pre-release has been made available.
There will be more of these to get fixes out to the field
while we continue to work on performance issues
in anticipation of a wider 0.97 release.
Download it directly from the
<a href="http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=30337">download page</a>
at SourceForge.
</div>

<h3> SCons 0.96.90 (testing pre-release for 0.97) is available </h3>
<div class="date">15 February 2005</div>
<div class="newsitem">
SCons 0.96.90 contains a lot of features, bug fixes,
and some greatly-anticipated improvements
in performance and memory consumption.
Because there have been a number of extensive changes
to internal subsystems,
this testing pre-release is intended to try to catch
any last crucial bugs before releasing it officially as 0.97
(to be released soon, we hope).
You can download it directly from the
<a href="http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=30337">download page</a>
at SourceForge.
See the <a href="RELEASE.txt">Relase Notes</a>
for a description of how you can help test this release
and an overview of important (interface- or behavior-changing) changes.
See the
<a href="CHANGES.txt">ChangeLog</a>
for a complete list of all the new and fixed stuff.
</div>

<h3> New SCons Website Design </h3>
<div class="date">28 September 2004</div>
<div class="newsitem">
SCons has unveiled a new design of its website,
contributed by Keir Mierle.
Please report any issues with the site to
<a href="mailto:webmaster@scons.org">webmaster@scons.org</a>.
</div>

<h3> SCons 0.96.1 Released </h3>
<div class="date">23 August 2004</div>
<div class="newsitem">
Bugfix release 0.96.1 fixes a handful of critical problems in 0.96.
Consult your friendly neighborhood download page for more information,
or use the Download quick links to the right.
</div>

<h3> SCons 0.96 Released </h3>
<div class="date">18 August 2004</div>
<div class="newsitem">
Beta release 0.96 adds Fortran 90/95 support,
better Qt support, platform-independent file manipulation actions,
new debugging features and lots more.
&nbsp;
</div>
