<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://newage-avkseg.com">NEWAGE&nbsp;AVK&nbsp;SEG</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">Newage-AVKSEG uses <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> in all of its embedded-control
                 software development projects.</div>
  <div class="quotetext">"Once more I have to say that I <B>really</B> like <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span>. Being a
                 python-newbie I managed to write some extensions that allow the usage of
                 <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> for our Make-driven projects nearly out of the box. The first of our
                 projects I have converted to <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> consists of 750 '#include'-Files in about
                 100 include-directories and 500 C/C++ sourcefiles in 76 libraries.
                 The original <tt>MAKE</tt>-Project-setup was heavily recursive and is now
                 substituted with a single <tt>SCONSTRUCT</tt>-file
                 of about 120 lines of python-code.
                 This is Great!"</div>
  <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;Thomas Runge, NEWAGE AVK SEG</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://www.ni.com">National&nbsp;Instruments</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">NI uses <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> on a project of more than 5000 source files (.h and .cpp).</div>
  <div class="quotetext">"<!--
                 We looked long and hard for a build tool that would allow a single simple 
                 build description file to build both Windows and UNIX builds. We found no 
                 existing tool provided enough of an abstraction to support both platforms 
                 without significant effort in the build description files, so we decided to 
                 invest some time in finishing <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span>. Now we have converted many of our builds 
                 from Microsoft nmake and GNU Automake to <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> and eliminated much 
                 duplication of effort. In addition our build description files are much more 
                 concise and high level than before, and we didn't have to learn yet another 
                 arcane little language that has no applicability outside of building 
                 software.  (Anthony Roach) -->
                 We use <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> at work to build a huge, highly componentized
                 project with upwards of 5000 source files.  It's hands down the
                 best experience I've ever had for building large projects."</div>
  <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;Greg Falcon, National Instruments</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://bombyx.sourceforge.net/">Bombyx</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">This open source project,
                 a graphical Secure Internet Live Conferencing
                 (<A HREF="http://www.silcnet.org">SILC</A>) client,
                 converted to using <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span>
                 for cross-platform builds in May 2002.</div>
  <div class="quotetext">"<span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> is a
                 fantastic build system, written in Python (1.5.2) that does lots of nice
                 things like automated dependencies, cross platform operation,
                 configuration, and other great stuff.  I would have to say that it is
                 probably going to be the best thing for building C/C++ projects in the
                 near future."</div>
  <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;Zed A. Shaw, Bombyx project lead</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://ailoom.sourceforge.net/">AI Loom</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">AI Loom is a cross-platform toolkit
                 for rapid development of artificial intelligent agents.</div>
  <div class="quotetext">"<span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> is a replacement for make and is far, far, FAR better...
                 The Loom team strongly suggests that you consider
                 <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> for all your application development."</div>
  <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;AI Loom <a href="http://ailoom.sourceforge.net/docs/readme.html">README</a> file</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://sphere.sourceforge.net/">Sphere</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">Sphere is a 2D RPG engine that allows people with
                 minimal programming experience to create role-playing games like
                 Final Fantasy VI or Phantasy Star.
                 Sphere uses <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> to build more than 90,000 lines of
                 code in 480 files using both MinGW and VC++ 6.0.</div>
  <div class="quotetext">"<span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> has made my life as a maintainer so much easier by allowing me to build 
                 and install all of Sphere's components into their correct locations, 
                 autogenerate documentation, and create an installer, all in one command."</div>
  <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;Chad Austin, Sphere creator and project manager</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://www.aerosonde.com/">Aerosonde</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">The Aerosonde is a small long endurance UAV (Unmanned Aerial Vehicle)
                 originally developed for meteorological sensing.</div>
  <div class="quotetext">"We now use <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> for
                 all our code builds including the avionics code for embedded targets
                 as well as PC applications (Windows & Unix).  It has been working well
                 for us since we started using it to overcome a memory problem with
                 makefiles."</div>
  <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;Aerosonde Software Engineering Manager</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://cctbx.sourceforge.net/">cctbx</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">The Computational Crystallography Toolbox
                 is a portable,
                 reusable scientific software library for crystallography.
                 The project has adopted <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span>
                 for all of its cross-platform builds, as
                 <a href="http://cci.lbl.gov/publications/download/compcomm_1_2003/#a-piece-of-cake">described</a>
                 in an
                 <a href="http://cci.lbl.gov/publications/download/compcomm_1_2003/">update paper</a>
                 published in January 2003.</div>
  <div class="quotetext">"Having a global view of the dependencies is <B>really</B> cool.
                 Compare the couple of seconds of waiting
                 with the need to <tt>make clean; make</tt>
                 or <tt>make depend; make</tt>.
                 I wasted so much time before because I forgot about certain dependencies,
                 resulting in inconsistent builds and strange bugs.
                 This hasn't happened to me anymore since I switched to <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span>."</div>
  <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;Ralf W. Grosse-Kunstleve, cctbx Project Leader</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://www.es.com">Evans & Sutherland</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">Evans & Sutherland produces professional hardware and software to
                 create highly realistic visual images for simulation, training,
                 engineering, and other applications throughout the world. E&S visual
                 systems are used in both military and commercial systems, as well as
                 planetariums and interactive theaters.</div>
  <div class="quotetext">"<span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> and Python have allowed us to create a flexible,
                 extensible framework for organizing the automated builds
                 of a number our products."</div>
  <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;E&S Software Engineer</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://reduz.com.ar/cheesetronic/index.php?section=2">Cheesetracker</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">Cheesetracker is an Open Source electronic music program
                 similar to Impulse Tracker and ScreamTracker,
                 part of the <a href="http://cheesetronic.sf.net">Cheesetronic</a>
                 suite of audio and music composition applications.</div>
  <div class="quotetext">"<span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> does an awesome job keeping track of everything,
                 managing components that you can switch on
                 depending on what you want to compile, etc.
                 But most importantly, being Python based
                 we can do customization to a degree of freedom
                 and ease that the autotools package would never allow us!
                 ...
                 [T]hanks for such an awesome build system!"</div>
  <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;Juan Linietsky, Cheesetronic project leader</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="None">Unreleased Ph.D. project</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">Earlier while using Makefiles I used about 20 different
                 makefiles with about 1000 lines of make code...
                 I switched to <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> a few weeks back and had the basics up and running
                 in very little time.  This week I polished the
                 <tt>SConscript/SConstruct</tt>
                 files more to my liking and now it works really well.  The code to do
                 this uses two files
                 (<tt>SConstruct</tt> and a <tt>SConscript</tt>)
                 files at about 190
                 lines of code!  Any number of variants were easy to handle and the
                 approach to this was much cleaner than my way of handling it with
                 make.  Since it's all Python, the syntax is not a problem at all.  The
                 scripts are elegant and fairly easy to understand.  Its remarkable
                 that almost all that I was doing with my makefiles could be handled in
                 so little code.</div>
                 <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;Prabhu Ramachandran</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://www.qeradiant.com">GtkRadiant</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">This package of game level design tools
                 converted their Linux builds from
                 Cons classic to <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> in July 2003.</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://www.iplt.org">Image Processing Library and Toolbox</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">IPLT provides a C++ image processing library,
                 Python wrappers, and a wxWindows-based GUI.
                 The project started using <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> for builds in July 2003.</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://www.atd.ucar.edu">Research Technology Facility, NCAR</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">The Research Technology Facility of NCAR's Atmospheric Techology 
                 Division is using <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> to build a project with 750 files and 38 
                 subdirectories.</div>
  <div class="quotetext">"We replaced an <tt>autoconf/automake</tt> environment that had 
                 been a real challenge to maintain.  <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span>'s auto-dependency features 
                 have been great -- I now have confidence that my libraries are rebuilt 
                 when needed."</div>
  <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;Joe Van Andel, NCAR</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://www.idsoftware.com">id Software</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">Doom3 Linux's build system uses <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span>.</div>
  <div class="quotetext">"<tt>CC="ccache distcc g++-3.3" JOBS=8</tt> rocks!"</div>
  <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;Timothee Besset, id Software</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://dicomlib.swri.ca/dicomlib.html">Dicomlib</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">Dicomlib is an all-new dicom library with the goal of
                 "providing a clean, simple API, close adherence to the DICOM
                 standard and rigorous type safety."
                 Dicomlib uses <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> for its UNIX builds.</div>
  <div class="quotetext">"...[my] experience is that <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> is so much more
                 powerful and easier to work with than make that it is definitely worth it."</div>
  <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;Trevor Morgan, Dicomlib author</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://fear.sourceforge.net/">FEAR</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">FEAR is a language-independent open source
                 project for creating artificial intelligence
                 within realistic simulated world (game) environments.
                 FEAR uses <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> for all of its build and packaging.</div>
  <div class="quotetext">"<span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> is a truly awesome tool
                 that offers power and flexibility second to none...
                 Within days of introducing <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span>,
                 it already replaced the various tools and
                 Visual Studio files.
                 Now it handles things such as generating source code from templates,
                 compiling C++ files,
                 building release packages,
                 extracting and generating documentation,
                 among many other things."</div>
  <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;FEAR <a href="http://fear.sourceforge.net/docs/latest/guide/Build.html">User Guide</a></div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://madman.sourceforge.net">madman</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">madman is a music manager application similar to Apple's
                 iTunes and the like.  madman began using <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> for its
                 builds in December 2003.</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://rekallrevealed.org">Rekall</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">Rekall is a database front end associated
                 with the KDE desktop environment.
                 Rekall has begun converting their build
                 process to <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> with their
                 2.3.0-Beta0 release.</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://www.blender3d.org">Blender</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">Blender is an Open Source software package for 3D
                 modeling, animation, rendering,
                 post-production, interactive creation and playback.
                 The Blender Foundation
                 <a href="http://www.blender3d.org/cms/Build_systems.108.0.html">announced</a>
                 
                 that Blender has been using <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span>
                 <a href="http://www.blender3d.org/cms/Building_with_SCons.137.0.html">since January 4, 2004</a>
                 to build Blender on
                 Linux,
                 Windows (using both Microsoft Visual C and Cygwin),
                 Solaris,
                 Mac OS X,
                 IRIX
                 and OpenBSD.</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://it-proj-diane.web.cern.ch/it-proj-diane/">DIANE</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">DIANE is a lightweight distributed framework for parallel
              scientific applications in master-worker model. Some of
              the applications include: Simulation for Radiotherapy
              and Astrophysics, BLAST for Genome Sequencing, Data
              Analysis for High Energy Physics and Image Rendering. It
              is a thin software layer which easily works on top of
              more fundamental middleware such as LSF, PBS or the Grid
              Resource Brokers. It may also work in a standalone mode
              and does not require any complex underlying software.
              Applications may be run in local clusters or on the Grid
              without any special modifications.  DIANE is using
              <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> primarily to build extension modules
              for Python.</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://sourceforge.net/projects/stringx/">Stringx</a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">Strinx is a string library written in C++
              using modern template techniques,
              designed to be efficient and easy to use.</div>
  <div class="quotetext">"I would like to take this opportunity
               to thank the SCons development team for
               their wonderful build tool.
               Without it, the development of the
               Strinx library would be much more difficult."</iv>
  <div class="quoteauthor">&mdash;Shachar Sharon, Strinx author</div>
</div>
<div class="quote">
  <div class="quotetitle"><a href="http://www.scons.org/"><span class="sconslogo">SCons</span></a></div>
  <div class="quotedesc">Of course,
                <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span> uses itself to build and package <span class="sconslogo">SCons</span>.</div>
</div>

